Now we can finally talk...
Higan.
I've made sure this call
can't be intercepted by anyone.
Don't worry.
Who is this?
I can't tell you that yet.
Yet?
You're heading for AUZA city, right?
The whole place is protected
by a multi-layered security system.
It's going to be impossible for you
to get past that and find
a way into the city alone.
Let me help you.
You really think I would trust you?
"Learning about others, but letting them
learn nothing of you in the process,
that is the true essence
of a ninja's cunning."
That verse... a ninja poem...
You and I are in similar circumstances.
An exiled ninja?
If you want to fulfill your objective,
then await contact from me
at the location that I'm about to send.
Whether or not I'm worthy of trust
is up to you.
Aren't you going to answer?
It's just my wife.
Gotta stay focused
on the investigation right now.
But we don't even know if
that eyewitness report is legit or not.
They say the guy was asleep at the wheel.
I've been calling you nonstop.
I thought I could handle the challenges...
of marrying and having a family
with an FBI agent!
But I was wrong!
How are you feeling?
Christ! You almost gave me a heart attack!
Goddamn it, Duck!
Claimed they're gonna help, huh?
But how can you be sure this person
is really another exiled ninja like you?
They knew a poem that was only passed down
in the old organization.
And nobody has spoken of it
since we came to this country.
That's enough to win your trust?
Well, this mystery person
knows what they're talking about.
The complexity of AUZA city's
security system is no joke.
Like, I'm pretty sure only a literal ghost
could get past it.
Fine, but what if it's a trap?
Then I'll simply kill them.
Don't just tell me
you're off to commit murder!
Remember that our alliance
is only temporary.
So, how do we get into the city?
Considering my last chat with the chief,
they've probably got eyes on me already.
Oh yeah, there's no doubt about that.
Let's just call it quits.
Come on.
You're the one who said the best way
to get a lead on AUZA was to hit their HQ.
And I agree with you on that.
But I never said it was possible.
Well, there's gotta be some way...
Nope. Can't be done.
However, I've picked up on another lead.
Really?!
There's this community of users on the
dark web who've been keeping tabs
on AUZA's actions.
They claim that AUZA is plotting
to take over the world,
and that they're building weapons
of mass destruction.
So they're another bunch
of loony conspiracy theorists.
But why go out of the way
to put it on the dark web?
Better safe than sorry, I guess.
I've pinned down the location
of the site admin
who claims to be
a former researcher at AUZA.
Great.
He's pretty far away from here, though.
Not an issue. I'll be going it alone.
What?
You've done enough.
This here is a job for old-timers like me
who've got nothing left to lose.
There's no way I'm letting you
hog all the glory on this.
Huh?
We're on the verge of uncovering
AUZA's dirty secrets.
And with any luck, we may get our hands
on some of their cutting-edge data!
That stuff could be worth thousands!
No! I would go as far as to say
millions of dollars!
Seriously...?
That's the deal.
We're still in this together.
Stay on your toes.
Mind if I ask you something?
Did your wife know what you really were
before she died?
She did.
Because Mari was also a ninja.
Do ninjas normally have families?
No. The two of us broke the code.
What code?
Ninjas must be emotionally detached,
even from their allies.
I see... so you chose your family instead.
That's fantastic!
He's quite the fighter, isn't he?
We have data showing that just one
of those mass-produced units alone
can destroy an entire army platoon,
but it wasn't even a match for him!
I know what you mean.
You're just itching for a chance
to screw the guy, right?
Uh, no.
Please don't put me down
on your vulgar level.
Huh?
I'm a businessman, you see.
I don't do any fighting,
nor do I want any victories.
I'm only after data!
What happens if he shows up?
You just gonna bend over for him?
Well, that's what my
talented secretary is here for.
Isn't that right?
Correct.
Hey, Dilly!
What kinda techniques
did he use to tame you like that?
Sir.
Do I have your permission to
share the details of your techniques
with this sick bastard?
Let's not. Also, watch your language.
My apologies, sir.
So, does anybody have a plan?
You must realize that he's headed here.
No need for concern.
The city's defenses are 100% impenetrable.
Wait, hold on!
You mustn't say something
like "100%" so casually, Aska.
Probability is-
Uh, pardon me.
Big D, are you listening?
Let me just say my hair
is looking super-fly today.
And if this ninja dares
to ruin even one strand of it...
he's dead meat.
Hah! Are you talking about
the bush down by your d-
Enough idle chatter.
We already know Higan
is a force not to be trifled with.
So the plan remains the same.
We must learn how his technique works
in order to eliminate him.
And what about his FBI friend?
He is powerless.
We can deal with him
if he ever becomes an issue.
Don't make this any more complicated
than it needs to be.
You're not my boss. Don't order me around!
But I agree with your assessment.
Hey, Dilly.
How far do you think that ninja will get?
Are you concerned?
No, I'm excited!
Why do you think I joined forces
with you guys in the first place?
I have my fingers crossed that
we can finally get some decent data
on the prototype now.
Hope he doesn't die too quickly.
Just say the word, and I will
terminate him in the blink of an eye.
You aren't going anywhere.
I'll just throw the others at Higan
until he is forced to reveal
the secrets of his technique.
Their deaths wouldn't
be much of a setback.
And in any case, it's only a matter of
time before the suit is completed.
We of the ninja clan are bound
by the code, protected by the code,
and kept alive by the code!
Therefore, it is our destiny
to die by the code!
Our destiny is to die by the code!
One: The secrets of the ninja
must never be divulged!
The secrets of the ninja
Two: Ninjas must be emotionally detached,
even from their allies!
Ninjas must be emotionally detached,
Three: The mission must always
take precedence over your life!
The mission must always
W-wait!
As per tradition,
you three will now be given ninja names
in recognition of your
outstanding skill as shinobi.
Higan.
Zai.
Mari.
Those are your names henceforth.
Yes, sir.
And that is not all you will be receiving.
A secret art shall be
passed down to each of you.
This technique is to be
kept only to yourself
and must never
be revealed to others.
Are we clear?
Yes, sir!
The missions that you take from now on
will be filled with even greater danger.
However, the three of you are ninjas
with both skill and strength
that is unrivaled within our clan.
I firmly believe you will be the ones
who lead our village in the future.
We have our own ninja names now.
I like them all.
They have a nice ring to them.
"Higan"...
I find the idea hard to get used to.
Names are the proof that we exist.
Now we'll always be able
to remember each other.
In that case, let's be candid
and share a moment of joy.
Just don't go sharing your secret art.
Of course.
It'll be a surprise if we ever end up
fighting one another.
If you ask me,
our bonds are thicker than blood.
We never know when death will come.
This here is proof
of our shared experiences,
proof of our discussions,
and proof of our pact.
What pact?
That we risk our lives together,
to do what must be done.
Just go!
Just leave me behind.
No.
The mission will be a failure
at this rate!
I'm not going back alone.
Remember the code.
We must be detached, even from allies.
From the moment I met you...
I had already broken the code.
You two okay?!
Please leave your message after the beep.
Jeez, Duck. You never pick up, do ya?
I'm on my way to the intel source now.
I'll call again later.
Yeah?
Why didn't you report about
your discharge from the hospital?
Nothing gets past this guy, I swear.
You can just leave the get-well gift
on my desk, sir.
I'll come pick it up on retirement day.
You can do whatever you want since
you're not assigned to any investigations,
but your partner is another story.
I'm sorry.
What are you apologizing for?
Obeying the top brass
is just part of the job.
But I-
To tell the truth,
I've been racking my brain
to figure out how best to ditch you.
So don't worry about it.
Say, are you feeling hungry at all?
Huh?
"No army fights on an empty stomach."
It's a Japanese proverb.
You've made the right choice.
Now what?
Don't be hasty.
First, I need you to understand exactly
how the city's security system works.
The entirety of AUZA city is guarded
by a security system that consists
only of their independently
developed technology.
Sensors are equipped
along the whole perimeter
to check ahead of time if
those approaching have permission
to enter the city.
And if any uninvited guests
do not heed the warnings that get issued,
the system will open fire on them.
Furthermore, the airspace above the city
is fully covered by a honeycomb-shaped
electromagnetic barrier,
which only allows rain and wind
to pass through.
Entering from above ground is impossible.
So you'll pass through the
underground facility
that they use to manage
the sensors instead.
I'll send you coordinates for the entrance
and a map of the facility shortly.
There are various security cameras
and laser traps inside of the facility,
as well as mercenaries from
private military companies
who patrol each section.
To make sure the plan goes smoothly,
you must avoid any and all combat.
Make it past them and you'll reach the
electro-magnetic barrier into the city,
I'll shut off the power and open it
for 5 seconds when you arrive.
Any longer and it can't be written off
as an error.
We begin after the sun goes down.
You only get once chance.
Just those 5 seconds.
No problem.
Now that was tasty!
Hope you got your fill.
Now I'm ready to fight whenever.
Oh, right.
I'll send you a picture of our target.
Jason Cardenas.
Hopefully he hasn't changed
his appearance.
I'd be able to tell regardless.
Really? How, exactly?
I'll teach you the trick another time.
Come to think of it,
this is the first investigation where
we'll be working apart from each other.
You better pull your weight.
Play it safe out there, Mike.
You may not be the perfect mentor,
but I owe you a lot.
Don't get all sappy on me now.
Another cup o' joe!
Again?
You're going to end up addicted
to caffeine at this rate.
What's your deal?
Quit making it sound like I'm gonna die.
All I'm trying to say
is that I need you in good health.
Because there's still a lot
for me to learn from you.
Hope you don't mind keeping me
under your wing!
Actually, make it water.
I've hacked all their
internal surveillance cameras.
We have 8 minutes before they notice.
Get through the facility before then.
I'm going in.
All of their patrol routes
and inspection points
are set on a rigid schedule.
Move exactly as I instruct you to.
Now.
Head for the room across the hall.
The laser trap ahead
changes patterns every two seconds.
This is where you'll have to put
your physical prowess to the test.
Sensors have picked up
an intruder in Sector D!
I repeat, intruder in Sector D!
Don't stop.
Turn right.
The hallway just ahead has your way out.
I'm cutting the power now.
The barrier will open for 5 seconds.
Zai.
Higan.